{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Welcome view
\b0  shows new employee's avatar alongside the avatars of key members they should introduce themselves to, called "key people." Each key person has their name, position, and avatar\
\

\b New employee data model:
\b0 \
- name\
- position\
- email address\
- desk location\
- key people [collection of employees]\
\

\b Checklist Overview view 
\b0 displays the list of on boarding items that will need to be completed by the new employee. From this view, the list shows a task title, a suggested due date, and a complete/incomplete icon. We can filter the list to show all items, or only items that are incomplete. Items can also be reordered. An item can be expanded to show its 
\b Checklist Detail view
\b0 \
\

\b Checklist Detail view
\b0  displays the full description and complete task options of a single task:\
- mark for completion (new employee can only mark with current timestamp, administrator can change this timestamp)\
- mark time spent (useful for deltek)\
- add notes (again, useful for deltek)\
- ask someone for assistance/clarification of task\
\

\b Resources Overview view
\b0  displays a list of useful resources, usually external links. They should also be categorized. Here's an example of useful resources and their categorizations:\
\
Admin\
- Deltek\
- OMB Calendar\
- Portal\
- Vacation/WFH Policies\
- Email signature policy\
Technical\
- VPN Access\
- Software requirements\
- W3Schools\
- Drupalize.me\
- php.net\
- github.com\
\

\b Resource URL data model:
\b0 \
- URL title\
- URL destination\
- tooltip text\
- submitted by\
\

\b Resource Config data model:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - category\
- Resource URL (object)\
- weight\
- user\
\
Extra credit: what we offer is simply a default view. The new employee can reorder the URLs, create additional useful URLs, create additional categories. It can serve as a bookmark manager for them, which can be accessed anywhere they can access the Hello site.}